feat: fcc-todo-app (#51367)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-localstorage-by-building-a-todo-app/64ff04cc33779427a6412449.md

---
id: 64ff04cc33779427a6412449
title: Step 51
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-51
---

# --description--

> The item you get back is a string, since you saved it with `JSON.stringify()`. To see it in the way it was before saving it, you need to use `JSON.parse()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The item you retrieve is a string, as you saved it with `JSON.stringify()`. To view it in its original form before saving, you need to use `JSON.parse()`.
```
